London (#79)
CodeYourFuture/syllabus: docs/react/week-1/mentors.md

sidebar_label: Instructor Notes
---

## IMPORTANT - Setup Needed For Students

If you are teaching this class in the coming weeks you **must** instruct your students to complete the instructions below.

> [React Preparation](./prep)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[React Preparation](../prep)
```

`prep` is in the `/react` folder not the `/react/week-1` folder

> If you students do not arrive with these steps completed then you will lose a lot of time on your first lesson. You should consider running short mid-week sessions the week before to help students get setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you students do not arrive with these steps completed then you will lose a lot of time on your first lesson. You should consider running short mid-week sessions the week before to help students get set up.
```
